ffective Date: [Insert Date]

ProFlix (“we”, “our”, or “us”) respects the intellectual property rights of others and complies with the provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) applicable to internet service providers. If you believe that your copyrighted work has been infringed upon on our platform, you may submit a written DMCA notice to our Designated Agent as outlined below.

🔒 How to File a DMCA Takedown Notice
If you are a copyright owner (or authorized to act on behalf of one), please provide a written notice containing the following:

Identification of the copyrighted work you claim has been infringed.

A description of where the infringing material is located on our platform (e.g., a direct link).

Your contact information, including:

Full legal name

Address

Phone number

Email address

A statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

A statement that the information in your notice is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on their behalf.

Your physical or electronic signature.

📬 DMCA Notices Should Be Sent To:
Designated DMCA Agent
ProFlix Legal
Email: [Insert your contact email]
Subject Line: “DMCA Takedown Request”

⚖️ Counter-Notification
If you believe that your content was removed or disabled in error, you may file a counter-notification. To be valid under the DMCA, your counter-notification must include:

Your name, address, phone number, and email.

Identification of the material that was removed and the location before it was removed.

A statement under penalty of perjury that you believe the content was mistakenly removed or misidentified.

A statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal district court in your area (or, if outside the U.S., in any judicial district in which we may be found).

Your electronic or physical signature.

Upon receipt of a valid counter-notice, we may reinstate the content unless the original complainant files a court action within 10 business days.

🚫 Repeat Infringer Policy
We may disable or terminate user accounts that are repeat infringers or who are found to upload infringing content, at our sole discretion.

Note: This policy is subject to change without notice. For questions, contact us at [Insert Email].

Would you like me to:

Format this as a Markdown or HTML file for your legal page?

Help write a matching Terms of Service clause that references this DMCA policy?
Let me know how you’d like to present it.









Ask ChatGPT
